welcome back ladies and gentlemen force
here and today I will be showing you the
world's fastest power leveling technique
in Diablo 3 with this trick you can get
a character from level 1 to 60 in under
8 hours this is an unbelievably
effective trick I saw in a reddit post
the other day and I wanted to take a
moment to make a video showing it to you
guys the greatest thing about this is
it's incredibly fast and effective it
doesn't require you to have any gear and
it's so simple so easy in fact it is so
much so the case that it is easy that
it's incredibly boring and mind-numbing
but you know what it's effective it gets
the job done it gets you a very fast a
level 60 character to do this all you
need to do is have a friend of yours
invite you to an act 3 game at the very
start of act 3 once you're at the start
of act 3 go outside of the main town now
in this area there is going to be a
staircase with a bunch of enemies
streaming down the staircase and a large
object about to land on the ground I
almost want to call the meteor but I
know it's just something being shot out
of a trebuchet it doesn't really matter
what it is there's a huge object that's
about to land on the ground using an AoE
snare you want to corral up these demons
that have just gone down the stairs get
them into one large clump and get it so
that when this object lands it's going
to kill everything in one one fell swoop
now this is why this technique is so
awesome not only do you get the xp for
all of the demons that were killed by
the object you also get a mighty blow
experience bonus as well as a massacre
experience bonus all these things
combined the fact that it takes about 15
seconds to complete you then leave the
area
leave game restart it and there you go
15 to 20 seconds you get all of the xp
for the kills the massacre and the money
blow it's just unreal now the reason
you're actually going back outside is
because when you head back through the
door you're considered in town and this
allows you to logout without having to
wait the 10 seconds so it's a very fast
and effective method and you just keep
repeating this over and over and over
again now there's a few different
techniques you can try personally on my
witch doctor I found that
growling them by dropping the aoao we
snare in front which is my grasp of the
dead pushing them all to the top left
corner and then once they're in a big
clump I move to the other side and this
gets them in a nice big ball so that
once the object lands it literally kills
all of them at once
now obviously depending on what
character you're playing you're going to
use different spells and effects but all
that's really important is that you have
some sort of AoE snare preferably two
just in case one of them doesn't land
properly or you happen to miss some guys
some sort of AoE snare that's going to
get them trapped or even an AoE stun one
other thing I need to add to this as
well
you don't want to kill anybody it's very
preferable that you don't kill anybody
because the more people the more demons
that are alive when the object lands the
more of a bonus that you're going to get
for the massacre and the mighty blow so
do your best to not kill anything just
try to slow them up or stun them and let
this object land on their head and
you're going to get the most amount of
XP bonus possible now I've found most
times that I get between ten and twelve
for the experience bonus for the
massacre and the mighty blow now with
all this - it's also beneficial if you
have some sort of experience items if
you can find any maybe buy some stuff in
the auction house plus XP gear is going
to help you on top of a gem and get a
gem in a helm slot you get a huge
percentage boost to the XP gained and
that's going to help speed up this
process as well I got my witch doctor
from level 45 to 46 in ten minutes flat
literally took ten minutes 45 to 46
doing this technique trying to be quick
and efficient not killing anything
getting as much XP bonus as possible
it's unreal it's nuts it's crazy
it is the world's fastest power leveling
technique for Diablo 3 and there you
have it guys pretty simple now let me
give you the bracket breakdown level 1
through 5 now this is according to the
reddit post and I'll go ahead and
provide that in the link below if you
are I want to get more information about
it although there's really not else not
much else to know level 1 through 5 just
do the normal questing 5 through 25
you're going to do the normal normal
difficulty version of this 25 through 50
you should be doing this in Nightmare 50
through 60
should be doing this inhale and again
you can get level 60 in under eight
hours now if you're saying force I don't
have any friends that can invite me to
the first part of Act three well I'm
going to be going ahead and setting up a
forum post on my website you'll find a
link to that below as well and in this
forum post you can help each other out
so all you're going to need to do is if
you have a high level character you can
invite their character and then log off
and switch it up so there you go guys
world's fastest power leveling technique
for Diablo 3 hopefully you enjoyed this
video big shout out to the guys at
reddit who posted this up and yeah
thanks so much for watching guys and as
always keep watching and keep owning